
# OWD Steering Committee call, 07.04.2021

**Present:** Kyle Pflug (Microsoft); Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C); Eric Meyer (Igalia); Jory Burson (Guest), Will Bamberg (OWD), Adrian Hope-Bailie (Coil); Lola Odelola (Samsung);

**Regrets:** Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Florian Scholz (OWD); Robert Nyman (Google); Chris Mills (Mozilla); Mike Smith (W3C),

## Agenda/Notes

1. March 2021 worklog post will go out today.
    * Weird link issue plagues the editor! Will will reach out to Pia/Alyssa for assistance
2. MDN Content updates (no MDN editorial meeting this week due to Easter)
    * For Markdown conversion work:
        1. Removed all hidden content from the JavaScript docs ([https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/3755](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/3755), [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/3718](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/3718))
        2. Working through figuring out how to deal with things that aren’t “natively” supported in GFM: [https://github.com/mdn/content/projects/6](https://github.com/mdn/content/projects/6)
        3. Easier / safer to make systemic changes
        4. Why it is a good idea to get rid of hidden content - had to do something with it because it can’t be repped in markdown, also not adding much value. Cleaner experience.
3. New Dir. of Dev Rel at Coil - will be taking a role in the SC and will take Adrian’s role there. Will dial in with Adrian a few meetings and then take over. Will open PR for adding them to the meeting invite.
4. Dom will open an issue to document testing strategies on MDN,  and work it up into an issue for an RFC. This is a great idea. Would be ideal to point in both directions (author and reviewer). Hardware is also a requirement for the documentation; gotchas around accessibility testing, etc.
