# OWD Steering Committee call, 2021-02-10

**Present:** Brian Kardell (Igalia); Adrian Hope-Bailie (Coil); Florian Scholz (OWD); Robert Nyman (Google); Chris Mills (Mozilla); Jory Burson (Guest); Daniel Appelquist (Samsung); Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C); Lola Odelola (Samsung Internet)

**Regrets:** Kyle Pflug (Microsoft); 

## Agenda / notes

1. OWD January [worklog post](https://opencollective.com/open-web-docs/updates/open-web-docs-worklog-january-2021-edition) was published last week.
    - Feedback on this format?
    - Was well perceived. Will do a new worklog post in February. 
    - Share work from the community, too.
    - CTAs on MDN content or on OWD logo could be more clear. Maybe amplify via Twitter. 
2. OWDâ€™s second full time Technical Writer starts on Monday!
    - An announcement will be posted to our Open Collect page.
3. MDN Content updates
    - See [Editorial Meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ANeo9ZlQMLPrX_4xsQXkItEnXCAOJYoVQQrZqLQEKlI/edit#)
    - (Florian) Work on resolving mixins. 
        - New [BCD guideline written](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/9016), will probably make the next release. 
        - Work on rewriting first mixin pages on MDN started
        - Florian to update MDN contribution docs
    - (Florian) Resurrecting thoughts from 2016! Making docs more beginner friendly
        - [the syntax notation for optional parameters needs work](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/2202)
    - (From Editorial meeting) MDN runs a new survey for beginners:
        - [https://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/6175365/59cfad9c04cf](https://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/6175365/59cfad9c04cf)
        - Please share/amplify it
    - (Chris) Updated the section element docs
    - (Chris) About to publish new post on MDN localization update
        - Unfreezing tier 1 locales
        - Chinese simplified, French, Japanese. 
        - Deleting outdated localization material / junk docs
    - (Chris) Writing triage process for shared process
4. OWD planning
    - [MDN collaboration plan](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1htO_UtBgovgB2cPHaP0KCS-UBYha4ov1Y_PLpxBMCHU/edit?ts=60055e59#) Chris and Florian continue work on this
    - First opportunity assessment meeting took place. See the [meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CMQiXVRInksCnRjkDJlVKW56dqaj3cXv37tUf0Zw9wo/edit#heading=h.z74cfgrb0siz).
    - Florian to look into some GitHub templates Chris created 