# OWD Steering Committee call, 2021-02-24

**Present:** Chris Mills (Mozilla), Adrian Hope-Bailie (Coil), Lola Odelola (Samsung Internet), Florian Scholz (OWD), Robert Nyman (Google), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Jory Burson (Guest), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Will Bamberg (OWD), Mike Smith (W3C)

**Regrets:** Dominique Hazael-Massieux (Guest); Daniel Appelquist (Guest)

## Agenda / notes

1. (Florian) Q & A livestream
    - Thoughts from the group on this format? What worked well?
        - Skip the password thing next time
    - Publishing the recording
        - Will be published this week
2. (Florian) Next week: OWD February worklog post
    - Did anyone work on anything to highlight for February? Let Florian know
3. (Will) Possible work for OWD:
    - Migrating MDN content to Markdown: I'd like to propose that we should work on migrating the authoring format for MDN content from HTML to Markdown: 
        - (Will) [Project thoughts](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SzCES6lxWX_Dz01l2CgvBHQ9QcU4khAKnSSS7YNiNYA/edit#)
        - (Will) If we want to do this, what are the next steps?
        - (Jory) is there a way to get the community help with markdown conversion? Like QA contributions
        - (Will) Yes, could share out the work that needs to be done on 1000s of pages
        - (Brian) Work with regular contributors somehow?
        - (Brian) Run this through the OWD priority criteria process?
        - Should be assessed
    - Interactive examples for Web APIs
        - [Project thoughts](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NyjlVdae8kL9VYlBqo8ttxw0-bpkl8XHw7zzuVdIixA/edit#heading=h.hoclswdmy4vb)
        - (Will) Having discussed this with Chris my sense is that the time is not right for this yet (but we should still do it some time)
4. (Florian) I’ve read through all of [Chris’ process documents](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1htO_UtBgovgB2cPHaP0KCS-UBYha4ov1Y_PLpxBMCHU/edit?ts=60055e59#) and made a [gist of it](https://gist.github.com/Elchi3/1bcc68976d68f387def19cc2152af989).
    - Open question is how to come to a shared roadmap that both OWD SC and Mozilla can sign off on.
5. (Will) Do we need a common space for discussing work with the Mozilla MDN team?
    - Either use the Mozilla Matrix Chat or invite folks to OWD slack
6. (Robert) Meeting with [The Good Docs Project](https://thegooddocsproject.dev/)
    -  A look into this project and comparing with MDN templates & best practices might be worthwhile.
7. (read-only) MDN Content update
    - See [MDN Editorial Meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ANeo9ZlQMLPrX_4xsQXkItEnXCAOJYoVQQrZqLQEKlI/edit#)
    - Florian continues to work on taming the mixin pages
    - Will got set up with Yari and everything \o/
    - Chris working on onboarding docs for beginners to help with assumed knowledge, e.g. git
    - Chris also working on helping Firefox eng teams move their docs off mdn, standard process for this
8. (read-only) BCD update
    - Features behind a flag now [finally appear in red in the tables](https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/2892)! Thanks to Tom Schuster (evilpie) for re-filing this bug, Peter Bengtsson for fixing, and Florian to review it!
    - Florian’s mixin changes are now also [summarized in the release notes](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/releases/tag/v3.1.1)
