# OWD Steering Committee call, 2021-03-24
**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD);Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C); Eric Meyer (Igalia); Jory Burson (Guest), Will Bamberg (OWD), Robert Nyman (Google);, Chris Mills (Mozilla); Lola Odelola (Samsung); Adrian Hope-Bailie (Coil); Mike Smith (W3C), 

**Regrets:** Kyle Pflug (Microsoft); Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia)

## Agenda

1. Florian on vacation Monday, March 29 until Monday, April 12.
    - Will to chair SC calls
2. OWD Q2 plan
    - [OWD/MDN shared plan for Q2 2021](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1asRltseFwuo68WoxpJsrWCloAsWT1CUMBXV05dLfNo8/edit#heading=h.uyxf3ojpl7de)
    - No further proposals have been made
    - Feedback from last call: have more  “content only” projects
    - Florian wrote up a new project: [Temporal docs on MDN](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/29)
3. MDN Content updates
    - See [MDN Editorial Meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ANeo9ZlQMLPrX_4xsQXkItEnXCAOJYoVQQrZqLQEKlI/edit#) from Monday

## Notes

- Q2 plan, and Florian wrote up Temporal. 
  - Are there more proposals people want to make (or want to work on and want help)?
  - Robert: crowd-sourcing is a good idea too, asking if people see gaps.
  - Robert: maybe ask major funders to propose. 
  - Dom: we talked about a pipeline of content that’s missing: can we surface this as a source of inspiration? Both a list of things we aren’t working on right now, and a mechanism for people to propose new ones. Currently the way to propose new ones is to file a bug in MDN. 
  - Robert: is the barrier too high for that, though? Compared with asking on Twitter, User Voice, etc. Gathering sentiment. 
  - Chris: we have an issue template for asking for new docs, but yes, barrier might be too high. 
  - Robert: do we have effort estimates for items in the Q2 list? 
  - Florian, Chris: we could add this. 
  - Will: separate blog post about Q2 planning, and asking for input? Robert +1.
- MDN Editorial meeting
  - Mike brought up the great renaming debate ([https://discourse.mozilla.org/t/incorrect-titles-for-method-property-articles/31641](https://discourse.mozilla.org/t/incorrect-titles-for-method-property-articles/31641)). 
  - Chris will file an RFC about updating the Learning Area to use modern JS.
- Jory: on the subject of Temporal there’s a need for polyfills/advice around date/time handling. 
  - Can MDN help support people with these transitions.
  - Adrian +1. Yes, there’s a need for a migration guide here. 
  - Chris: we have done something similar for new layout mechanisms in  CSS. 
  - Florian: connects with the great polyfill debate, where we want to stop hosting polyfills on  MDN. 
  - Dom: should MDN take a more programmatic approach to the evolution of the web? Including e.g. defining the things you need to have to document the transition from one tech to another, and lifecycles for various documents (e.g. migration guides).
  - Mike: should we have a metric for web platform coverage? 
  - Jory: folks at Stack Overflow might be interested in helping us with this.
