# OWD Steering Committee call, 14-07-2021

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD); Dominic Cooney (Facebook); Philip Jägenstedt (Google); Uchi Uchibeke (Coil); Jory Burson (Guest); Will Bamberg (OWD), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains), Ruth John (Mozilla), Mike Smith (W3C), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft);

**Regrets:** Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C); Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Eric Meyer (Igalia); Joel Marcey (Facebook), Hermina Condei (Mozilla); Rob Dodson (Google)

## Agenda / Notes:

1. Welcoming new Steering Committee members
    - Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)
2. Q3 planning
    - Stack ranking done
    - Will get together on new projects when we’ve onboarded new team members. 
    - [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/42#issuecomment-879679064](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/42#issuecomment-879679064) 
    - Working on continued projects in the meantime
3. Specification section / spec_url project
    - Proposing to close out this project as done!
    - [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/24#issuecomment-877049286](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/24#issuecomment-877049286) for details on where we are.
4. Mixins project
    - Trying to figure out worker mixins
    - Then event mixins
5. Markdown project
    - Florian D has taken over the MDN dev side of this as Gregor’s contract has finished.
    - We’re planning to land the JS docs this week now everyone’s back from vacation, Florian should have a PR ready today
6. MDN Web Docs Issues grouped by the spec they relate to (by Dom)
    - [https://dontcallmedom.github.io/mdn-issue-by-spec/](https://dontcallmedom.github.io/mdn-issue-by-spec/) 

## Notes

- Welcome to Piotr (JetBrains), who’s working on MDN integrations in the IDE.
- Spec URLs: thanks especially to Mike and Jean-Yves for help with this.
    - Philip: are we considering/able to add linting for this, e.g. to require spec URLs in pages? 
    - Florian: Mike is on this.
    - Dominic: what’s the status of more stable URLs? 
    - Florian: this is also being worked on by Mike.
- Mixins
    - Philip: Daniel had some good ideas for how to deal with events. [https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/7545](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/7545)  
    - Philip: what’s the likely outcome for Window/Worker global scope in BCD? Just split them, or have a special case of globals? 
    - Florian: not sure yet. Maybe split first (as we have for other mixins) then consider a solution for globals separately. Depends how well we understand what a solution for globals would look like. Also need to align the BCD and the MDN side.
- Will: WTD Prague writing day? Please see the community-enablement channel on Slack!