# OWD Steering Committee call, 02-06-2021

**Present:** Uchi Uchibeke (Coil); Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C); Jory Burson (Guest);  Will Bamberg (OWD), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Eric Meyer (Igalia); Joel Marcey (Facebook), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Florian Scholz (OWD), Mike Smith (W3C),

**Regrets:** Philip Jägenstedt (Google); Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Hermina Condei (Mozilla), 


## Agenda

1. MDN/BCD content updates
    - (Will) Markdown:
        - We got conversion of the JS docs working (thanks Gregor!). It is looking great. We’re very close to asking a few more people to try it out and look for problems.
        - Table formatting/Prettier interaction needs to be addressed
        -Need to think about rollout: all at once or in stages? Minimise PR rot..
        - Where next? CSS?
        - Attempting to crowd-source updates to the Web/API pages ([https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/5438](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/5438) - thanks Hamish for signing up!)
    - (Florian)
        - BCD front-matter now on almost all docs! (thanks to Jean-Yves Perrier for helping with this work)
        -HTML docs now use the new Specifications section, too!
        - w3c/browser-specs repo helps us to stay up to date with spec links. Recently, the ECMAScript multipage spec was introduced as the best spec URL to link to. [Wrote a PR](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/10681) so that BCD spec urls can be tested against w3c/browser-specs.
        - Working on mixins as well still. Thanks Philip and Vinyl for helping!
2. OWD Worklog for May 2021
    - Will and Florian to write up blog post
    - Let us know if you have things to highlight!
3. Discussion/AOB
    - (Will) Can OWD help with issue triage/management on mdn/content?
        - Dom: +1, also growing the number of people that can get involved. Part of this is figuring out which different communities can help.
        - Mike: As a quick win, we can increase the number of people that have triage permissions, e.g. giving access to Dom, who’s already triaging a lot of issues. Back in February we had about 11 issues a day coming in and closed about 7, and had 275 open issues. Good task for a new OWD hire, and good learning experience. Minimally 20% of their time. This is also a channel into the developer community and their priorities. People file issues because they care.
        - Will: need to have Mozilla’s blessing.
        - Dom: should this be a Q3 project? We could write up some of it as a project, although it is also an ongoing process.
        - Dom: not just OWD doing triage but also enabling the wider community to do so.

## Notes/extras

- Lola: working on ways to measure engagement and having 1 or 2 events this year to help with community engagement. Expect an update next week.
- Dom: W3C will be organizing a virtual TPAC this year. Still early but could think about how we could use this to help bring the spec community into the MDN contribution community. Maybe run a session on how spec writers can help ensure adoption by working with OWD/MDN?
- Uchi: added a proposal to OWD repo to add Web Monetization to MDN. This might be a request to update the website rather than content, so maybe should be taken up with Mozilla? 
- Dom: When will we start Q3 roadmap planning? Florian: next week. Content planning to assess proposals, then present to SC, and perhaps go back to another planning meeting if needed.

