
# OWD Steering Committee call, 2021-03-31

**Present:** Lola Odelola (Samsung Internet), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft); Eric Meyer (Igalia); Jory Burson (Guest), Will Bamberg (OWD)

**Regrets:** Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Florian Scholz (OWD);Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C); , Robert Nyman (Google); Chris Mills (Mozilla); Adrian Hope-Bailie (Coil); Mike Smith (W3C),

## Agenda / Notes

1. Call for a note-taker - Kyle can take notes :)
2. Welcome to Philip Jägenstedt, who’ll be the Google representative here and on the GC while Robert’s on leave.
3. OWD worklog post is going to go out this week. Draft is here: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-cuHKz-BU98EOP5yPgwKkdq-KE2mBiKlrV9IUpczoyo/edit?ts=6059c75a#](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-cuHKz-BU98EOP5yPgwKkdq-KE2mBiKlrV9IUpczoyo/edit?ts=6059c75a#) .
    * Question about including the hiring paragraph - Jory/Dan to add revisions.
    * Feels a bit long at the moment - William looking at some potential revisions, please share feedback in the doc.
4. Community enablement goals & metrics
    * See discussion in [OWD Community Engagement Brainstorm Doc - Google Docs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YvEn3y8ASw93pubTOwwf7F3VeaHcoMRB527rvXcXWfo/edit?ts=60648cbf#)
    * Lola: May be too early to think about specific “metrics” - would prefer to think in terms of general internal goals, get a sense of a baseline, and then set measures from there
    * Proposal: Move to a Slack channel for future brainstorming/collaboration (Lola) since it likely needs to go a bit deeper than the steering committee meeting
        * Jory: Let’s include folks from the MDN infra team as well who have joined our slack
    * Kyle: no artificial time pressure here; worth keeping this open as a question for the future
    * Lola: question about the Dev Advocate role being hired for-- how do we see that role driving forward this sort of thing?
        * Jory: They’re very connected, having those kinds of responsibilities assigned is a great way to help that person understand if they're being successful
    * Q from William: How many of these should be OWD goals versus MDN goals? There may be some overlap…
        * Lola: In general OWD has broader focus, e.g. could contribute to MDN but also other destinations; don’t want to be too exclusive to MDN even if that’s the main destination right now
        * William: Makes sense in principle
        * Jory: We should make sure to invite all our partners-- if they can participate, great; if not, then we go ahead anyway
5. (Jory) FundOSS fundraising drive on OpenCollective; match and maximize community contributions (“quadratic funding,” renamed “democratic funding” because NFTs)
    * Any funds contributed via FundOSS will be maximized via ✨math ✨
    * In a few weeks we should start to see some tweets etc. - opportunity for OWD folks to amplify and hopefully raise some extra money
    * Jory Slacked a video explaining the funding model
6. MDN Content updates
    * See [MDN Editorial Meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ANeo9ZlQMLPrX_4xsQXkItEnXCAOJYoVQQrZqLQEKlI/edit#) from Monday’
        * CSS sidebar landed late last week
    * Markdown conversion has started working out a specification for Markdown in MDN:: [https://github.com/mdn/content/projects/6](https://github.com/mdn/content/projects/6)
        * Will filing issues on how to have Markdown work best in MDN context
