# OWD Steering Committee call, 30-06-2021

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Rob Dodson (Google, alternate), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil); Philip Jägenstedt (Google); Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C); Will Bamberg (OWD); Lola Odelola (Samsung), Mike Smith (W3C)

**Regrets:** Kyle Pflug (Microsoft); Jory Burson (Guest); Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Joel Marcey (Facebook), Hermina Condei (Mozilla); Ruth John (Mozilla)

## Agenda / Notes

1. Welcoming Rob Dodson (Google, alternate rep for Philip): leads the team that works on web.dev and developer.chrome.com. 
2. The FundOSS pilot round ended
    -  [https://fundoss.org/collective/open-web-docs](https://fundoss.org/collective/open-web-docs)
    - $ 227 from 29 donors + $ 1,368 match = **$ 1,595**
    - Thanks to everyone who donated!!
3. OWD Q3 project planning
    - Q3 issue: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/42](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/42) 
    - Results from the stack ranking:
        1) [WebXR Browser Compatibility](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/35)
        2) [Fix how MDN distributes Polyfills](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/27)
        3) [Documenting HTTP/2 and HTTP/3](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/43)
        4) [WebView information on MDN](https://github.com/mdn/content/blob/main/rfcs/webview-information.md)
        5) [Modernizing the Learning Area JavaScript modules](https://github.com/mdn/content/blob/main/rfcs/modernize-learn-js.md)
        6) [Use webref as the source for CSS formal syntax, instead of mdn/data](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/44)
        7) [ARIA roles reference docs](https://github.com/mdn/content/blob/main/rfcs/aria-roles.md)
    - Does this feel like a good priority to the rest of the SC?
    - Next step: Get together with all OWD Tech Writers after the holidays/onboarding to plan who can work on the top priority projects.
4. MDN / BCD updates:
    - (Florian) Trying to get the mixin work over the finish line (modulo workers/events)
    - (Florian) Specification sections: Mostly done thanks to Jean-Yves! Left is HTTP docs, API overview pages, and some spec tables throughout misc doc areas.
    - (Will) Markdown:
        - JS: nothing new since last week. Landing the Map docs seems to have been fine, and we’re still expecting to land the remaining JS docs in the week of the 12 July.
        - CSS: working through issues listed here: [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/5865](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/5865).
        - Thanks to [@Gregoor](https://github.com/Gregoor) for all his work on the dev side: his Mozilla contract is finished on July 15, he’s been amazing in getting this project done. Florian D will be taking over from him.
5. Reminder: SC call next week is cancelled. Have a great week!

## Notes

- Q3 projects: Dom: the Q3 project list is exciting. On ARIA roles, do we have expertise on the team, and if not how will we get some? Florian: we can talk about this more sensibly when the whole OWD team, including 2 new people, can get together, around mid-July.
- Mixins: Philip: what’s left is a huge pain, do we need a project to figure it out? Florian: it is proposed to continue with mixins in Q3. We won’t leave it unfinished.
-  Mike: is working on having more stable spec IDs. This will need a change in the tooling (Bikeshed) and a follow-up change to the spec URLs, but after that the URLs should be more stable. Provide links from MDN to parts of the spec that are written specifically for web developers, not implementers.