# OWD Steering Committee call, 2021-03-17


**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD); Robert Nyman (Google); Kyle Pflug (Microsoft); Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C); Jory Burson (Guest); Chris Mills (Mozilla), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Will Bamberg (OWD), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Lola Odelola (Samsung)

**Regrets:** Adrian Hope-Bailie (Coil); Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Mike Smith (W3C)

## Agenda / notes

1. Welcoming Eric Meyer to the Open Web Docs Steering Committee!
2. (Florian) OWD Q2 plan
    - The second quarter of 2021 starts in 2 weeks! It would be good to lay out a plan for this quarter. 
    - We’ve assessed a few project ideas and put together a shortlist of things we think are doable given available staff and time.
    - Please give feedback: [OWD/MDN shared plan for Q2 2021](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1asRltseFwuo68WoxpJsrWCloAsWT1CUMBXV05dLfNo8/edit#heading=h.uyxf3ojpl7de)
    - Hopefully we will assess more ideas during Q2. Please submit project ideas / RFCs at any time!
    -  (Dom) would be helpful to have an idea of how much of Q2 is taken up with the current proposals (how much space there is). Also planning work for the “Considered” items should be included. 
    - (Florian): yes, planning is also work and takes time. We’re also constrained by the MDN engineering team availability for collaborative projects like markdown conversion.
    *   (Robert) this doc is things that are collaborative with MDN, yes? And there is other work that isn’t? 
    *   (Florian) there is general background work - reviewing PRs etc - that isn’t included here.
    *   (Brian) this does not include any “only content” work, is that in scope for this?w
    *   (Will) this list is work items over a certain size, and includes all types of work items, including content-only.
    *   (Chris) we commit to things in this list but expect other things to come up in the quarter. 
3. MDN Content update
    - See [MDN Editorial Meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ANeo9ZlQMLPrX_4xsQXkItEnXCAOJYoVQQrZqLQEKlI/edit#) from Monday
    - (Florian) Finished rewriting pages for the first major mixin! No more DocumentOrShadowRoot pages. \o/
    - (Chris) We now have process docs on MDN:
        -  https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/MDN/Contribute/Processes
    - (Chris) Our active non-en-US locales are now unfrozen
        - We now have an active ru l10n community: [https://github.com/mdn/translated-content#reviewing-and-issue-queue](https://github.com/mdn/translated-content#reviewing-and-issue-queue), 
        - And there's interest from the ko community too.
        - We are soon going to be sharing our latest l10n update on hacks.
    - (Will) New CSS sidebar is being worked on: [https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/3228](https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/3228) 
4. OWD Community Engagement
    - [New doc for ideas](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YvEn3y8ASw93pubTOwwf7F3VeaHcoMRB527rvXcXWfo/edit#)
    - (Lola) community engagement: we have a Google doc to capture ideas.
    - (Kyle) we will have a couple more docs coming for metrics and success criteria